Release/y2025 (#2768)
Cumulocity-IoT/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/_index.md

  - json
---

> These release notes for Cumulocity Release 2025 include information on all relevant changes, such as new features, improvements, and fixes, that have been implemented in the Cumulocity platform and its integrated applications since the previous release. Moreover the release notes include announcements for deprecations and API changes that might require action on your side at some time.

Author: ```suggestion
These release notes for {{< product-c8y-iot >}} Release 2025 include information on all relevant changes, such as new features, improvements, and fixes, that have been implemented in the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} platform and its integrated applications since the previous release. Moreover the release notes include announcements for deprecations and API changes that might require action on your side at some time.
```
